KEP 95: Making the lifecycle toolkit the standard to onboard new users (#100)
keptn/enhancement-proposals: text/xxxx-make-KLT-standard-for-new.users.md

# Make Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit the standard for new users

> KLT is the next step after Keptn V 1.x. It is more flexible, better integrated into Kubernetes and also more lightweight ean extensible. Therefore we should direct new user to start their journey with the lifecycle toolkit right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KLT is the next step after Keptn V 1.x. It is more flexible, better integrated into Kubernetes and also more lightweight and extensible. Therefore we should direct new users to start their journey with the lifecycle toolkit right away.
```

> KLT is the next step after Keptn V 1.x. It is more flexible, better integrated into Kubernetes and also more lightweight ean extensible. Therefore we should direct new user to start their journey with the lifecycle toolkit right away.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit (KLT) is the next step after Keptn V 1.x. It is more flexible, better integrated into Kubernetes and also more lightweight and extensible. Therefore we should direct new users to start their journey with the lifecycle toolkit right away.
```

## Motivation

* New users get started on the latest version of Keptn
* New extensions/services will also be built in a future proof way

> * We avoid that users later have to migrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* These users will not have to migrate later
```

* We reduce confusion between the lifecycle toolkit and Keptn V 1.x

> * This will allow us to focus any new developments on the lifecycle toolkits

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* This will allow us to focus any new developments on the lifecycle toolkit
```

## Explanation

* We rework the website to be better alinged with the lifecycle toolkit.
* All onboarding flows will be directed towards the lifecycle toolkit an lifecycle toolkit docs. 
* The current Keptn V1.x documentation will still be available but under a dedicated menu item.

> * All V1.x ressources will have a banner stating "If you are new to Keptn we recomment already starting with the lfiecycle toolkit"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All V1.x resources will have a banner stating "If you are new to Keptn we recommend starting with the lifecycle toolkit"
```

## Internal details

> 

Reviewer 2: Are some following headings incorrect or is there some text missing at this point?

## Trade-offs and mitigations

> * Existing users might be confused when coming to the Keptn website. *Mitigation* we have been informing everybody about our plans sie last fall

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Existing users might be confused when coming to the Keptn website. *Mitigation* we have been informing everybody about our plans since last fall
```
